Safety
Manual child lock Unlocking Electric child lock
Mechanical system to prevent opening of a rear F Using the ignition key or the integral key, Remote control system to prevent opening of
door using its interior control. depending on version, turn the red control the rear doors using their interior controls.
The control, red in colour, is located on the as far as it will go: The control is located on the dashboard,
edge of each rear door. - to the left on the left-hand rear door, driver's side.
It is identified by a symbol marked on the - to the right on the right-hand rear door.
bodywork.
Activation
Locking
5
Do not confuse the child lock control,
which is red, with the back-up locking
control, which is black. F Press this button.
F Using the ignition key or the integral key, The red indicator lamp in the button comes on,
depending on version, turn the red control accompanied by the display of an activation
as far as it will go: message.
- to the right on the left-hand rear door, This red indicator lamp remains on for as long
- to the left on the right-hand rear door. as the child lock is activated.
149Safety
Deactivation
F Press this button again.
The indicator lamp in the button goes off,
accompanied by the display of a deactivation
message.
This indicator lamp remains off while the child
lock is deactivated.
This system is independent and in no
circumstances does it take the place of
the central locking control.
Check the status of the child lock each
time you switch on the ignition.
Always remove the key from the ignition
when leaving the vehicle, even for a short
time.
In the event of a serious impact, the
electric child lock is switched off
automatically to permit the exit of the rear
passengers.
150Driving
Driving recommendations Important!
Observe the driving regulations and remain
Never drive with the parking brake
vigilant whatever the traffic conditions.
applied – Risk of overheating and damage
Pay close attention to the traffic and keep your
to the braking system!
hands on the wheel so that you are ready to
As the exhaust system of your vehicle
react at any time to any eventuality.
is very hot, even several minutes after
As a safety measure, the driver should only
switching off the engine, never park or run If you are obliged to drive through water:
carry out any operations that require close
the engine on inflammable surfaces (dry - check that the depth of water does not
attention when the vehicle is stationary.
grass, fallen leaves, etc.): Risk of fire! exceed 15 cm, taking account of waves that
On a long journey, a break every two hours is
might be generated by other users,
strongly recommended.
- deactivate the Stop & Start function,
In difficult weather, drive smoothly, anticipate
- drive as slowly as possible without stalling.
the need to brake and increase the distance
Under no circumstances exceed 6 mph
from other vehicles.
(10 km/h),
- do not stop and do not switch off the engine.
Never leave a vehicle unsupervised with
On leaving the flooded road, as soon as
the engine running. If you have to leave
your vehicle with the engine running, apply circumstances allow, make several light brake 6
applications to dry the brake discs and pads.
Never leave the engine running in the parking brake and put the gearbox into
If in doubt about the state of your vehicle,
an enclosed area without adequate neutral or position N or P, depending on
contact a PEUGEOT dealer or a qualified
ventilation: internal combustion engines the type of gearbox.
workshop.
emit toxic exhaust gases, such as carbon
monoxide. There is a risk of poisoning and
death!
In very severe wintry conditions Driving on flooded roads
(temperatures below -23°C), to guarantee
correct operation and the longevity of We strongly advise against driving on flooded In case of towing
the mechanical elements of your vehicle, roads, as this could cause serious damage
engine and gearbox, the engine must be to the engine or gearbox, as well as to the
Driving with a trailer places greater
left running for 4 minutes before driving. electrical systems of your vehicle.
demands on the towing vehicle and
requires extra care from the driver.
151Driving
Side wind Tyres If the system fails, as reported by a message,
the engine will not start.
F Take into account the increased sensitivity F Check the tyre pressures of the towing Contact a PEUGEOT dealer.
to wind. vehicle and of the trailer, observing the
recommended pressures.
Cooling Starting / Switching off
Lighting
Towing a trailer on a slope increases the the engine with the key
temperature of the coolant. F Check the electrical lighting and signalling
As the fan is electrically controlled, its cooling on the trailer and the headlamp beam height Key ignition switch
capacity is not dependent on the engine speed. of your vehicle.
F To lower the engine speed, reduce your For more information on Headlamp
speed. adjustment, refer to the corresponding section.
The maximum towable load on an incline
depends on the gradient and the exterior
The rear parking sensors will be
temperature.
deactivated automatically to avoid the
In all cases, keep a check on the coolant
audible signal if a genuine PEUGEOT
temperature.
towbar is used.
F If this warning lamp and the
STOP warning lamp come on,
stop the vehicle and switch off
Anti-theft protection It has 3 positions:
the engine as soon as possible.
- Position 1 (Stop): inserting and removing
Electronic immobiliser the key, steering column locked.
New vehicle
- Position 2 (Ignition on): steering column
Do not pull a trailer before having
The keys contain an electronic chip which has unlocked, ignition on, Diesel preheating,
driven at least approximately 600 miles
a secret code. When the ignition is switched engine running.
(1,000 kilometres).
on, this code must be recognised in order for - Position 3 (Starting).
starting to be possible.
Braking A few seconds after switching off the ignition,
Ignition on position
this system locks the engine control system,
Towing a trailer increases the braking distance.
therefore preventing the engine from being It allows the use of the vehicle's electric
To avoid overheating of the brakes, the use of
started in the event of a break-in. equipment or portable devices to be charged.
engine braking is recommended.
152Driving
Operating limits Memorising the speed
setting
The legislation on speed limits is specific to
each country.
This memorise function is in addition to the
The system does not take account of reduced
display of Recognition of speed limit signs.
speed limits in the following cases:
- poor weather (rain, snow),
- atmospheric pollution,
- trailer, caravan,
- driving with a space-saver type spare wheel
or snow chains fitted,
- puncture repair using the temporary repair
On detection of speed limit information, the
kit,
system displays the value. The driver can choose to adapt the speed
- young drivers, etc.
setting to the speed limit suggested, by
pressing the memorise button for the speed
The following situations may interfere with the limiter, the standard cruise control and the
operation of the system or prevent it working: adaptive cruise control with Stop function.
- poor visibility (inadequate street lighting, This speed setting then replaces the previous
falling snow, rain, fog), speed setting for the speed limiter and/or
- windscreen area located in front of the cruise control.
camera dirty, misted, frost-covered, snow-
covered, damaged or covered by a sticker,
- fault with the camera, For more information on the Speed
- obsolete or incorrect mapping, limiter, Cruise control, or Adaptive
- hidden road signs (other vehicles, cruise control with Stop function, refer
vegetation, snow), to the corresponding sections.
"MEM" flashes, accompanied by a message – - speed limit signs that do not conform to the
with speed limiter or cruise control activated – standard, are damaged or distorted.
the system suggests recording the speed limit
as a new speed setting.
174Driving
Steering mounted controls Memorising the speed
F Switch on the speed limiter / cruise control.
1. Select speed limiter / cruise control mode. Speed limiter / cruise control information is
2. Memorise a speed setting. displayed.
Display on the instrument panel
F Make an initial press on button 2 to request
saving of the speed suggested.
A message is displayed to confirm the request.
6
On detection of a sign offering a new speed
limit, the system displays the value and MEM
flashes for a few seconds to offer to make it a
3. Speed limit indication.
new speed setting.
4. Offer to memorise the speed.
5. Current speed setting.
If there is a difference of less than 6 mph F Press button 2 again to confirm and save
(10 km/h) between the speed setting and the new speed setting.
the speed displayed by the speed limit After a predetermined period, the screen
sign recognition system, the MEM symbol returns to the current display.
is not displayed.
175Driving
Speed limiter 2. Decrease the programmed value. 9. Speed suggested by the speed limit
3. Increase the programmed value. sign recognition system (depending on
System which prevents the 4. Speed limiter On / Pause. version).
vehicle from exceeding the speed 5. Depending on version:
programmed by the driver. Display of speed thresholds in the Switching on
memory with the programmable speed
The speed limiter is switched on manually.
limiter
The minimum programmed speed is 19 mph
or
(30 km/h).
Use the speed suggested by the speed
The programmed speed remains in the system
limit signs recognition system.
memory when the ignition is switched off.
For more information on Memorising speeds
or Recognition of speed limit signs and
recommendation, refer to the associated F Turn thumbwheel 1 to the "LIMIT" position
The speed limiter is a driving aid that
sections. to select the speed limiter; the function is
cannot, in any circumstances, replace the
paused.
need to observe speed limits or the need
Displays on the instrument
for vigilance on the part of the driver.
panel
Steering mounted control
F If the speed setting is suitable (last speed
setting programmed in the system), press
button 4 to switch the speed limiter on.
6. Speed limiter On / Off indication.
F Pressing button 4 again temporarily
7. Speed limiter mode selection indication. interrupts the function (pause).
1. Select speed limiter mode. 8. Programmed speed value.
176Driving
During a bay parking manoeuvre, the If the system is deactivated during a If the lateral distance between your vehicle
Park Assist system is automatically manoeuvre, the driver should reactivate it and the space is too great, the system may
deactivated once the rear of the vehicle is to repeat the measurement. not be able to measure the space.
within 20 inches (50 cm) of an obstacle. Any object projecting beyond the
dimensions of the vehicle (e.g. a ladder on
the roof or a towball) will not be taken into
Deactivation
account by the Park Assist system during
The system is switched off automatically: a manoeuvre.
Deactivation
- when towing a trailer, connected electrically,
- if the driver's door is opened,
The system is deactivated by pressing the In bad weather or in winter, ensure that
- if the speed of the vehicle is above 43 mph
control. the sensors are not covered by dirt, ice
(70 km/h).
The system is deactivated automatically: or snow.
To switch the system off for a prolonged period,
- on switching off the ignition, In the event of a fault, have the system
contact a PEUGEOT dealer or a qualified
- if the engine stalls, checked by a PEUGEOT dealer or a
workshop.
- if no manoeuvre is performed within qualified workshop.
5 minutes of selecting the type of manoeuvre
- after a prolonged stop of the vehicle during a
manoeuvre,
Operating faults
- if the wheel anti-slip regulation (ASR) is High pressure jet washing
triggered, When washing your vehicle, keep the lance at
- if the speed of the vehicle exceeds the stated In the event of a fault, this warning least 12 inches (30 cm) away from the sensors.
limit, lamp flashes for a few seconds,
- when the driver interrupts movement of the accompanied by an audible signal.
steering wheel,
If the fault occurs during the use of the system,
- after 4 manoeuvre cycles,
the warning lamp goes off.
- on opening the driver's door,
- if one of the front wheels encounters an In the event of a fault with the
obstacle. power steering, this warning lamp
The indicator lamp in the instrument panel goes is displayed in the instrument panel,
off and a message is displayed accompanied by accompanied by a message.
an audible signal.
Contact a PEUGEOT dealer or a qualified
The driver should then take back control of the
workshop.
vehicle's steering.
214Practical information
Fitting the towball
During use
Never release the locking system with a
trailer or load carrier on the towball.
Never exceed the maximum authorised
weight for the vehicle – the Gross Train
Weight or GTW.
It is essential that the maximum
authorised load be complied with on
the towing device: if it is exceeded, this
device may detach from the vehicle,
which is a serious accident risk.
Check that the trailer lamps work F The locking wheel 6 turns a quarter of a
correctly. turn anti-clockwise; take care to keep your
Before setting off, check the adjustment F Below the rear bumper, remove the hands clear!
of the headlamp beam height. protective plug 2 from the towball carrier 1.
For more information on Headlamp
adjustment, refer to the corresponding
section.
Following use
When travelling without a trailer or load 7
on a towbar-mounted carrier, the towball
must be removed and the protective plug
inserted in the carrier. This measure
applies particularly where the towball
might obscure visibility of the number
plate or its lighting.
F Check that the mechanism has correctly
F Insert the end of towball 5 into carrier 1 and
locked in to place (position A).
push it upwards; the locking will take place
F Close the lock 7 using the key.
automatically.
221Practical information
Removing the towball F Remove the cap from the lock and press it
onto the head of the key.
F Always remove the key. The key cannot be
removed when the lock is open.
F Clip the cap onto the lock. F Give a quarter turn and pull the trailer plug
F Insert the key into the lock 7.
to disconnect it from socket 3 of the carrier.
F Open the lock using the key.
F Detach the cable on the trailer from the
safety eye 4 on the carrier.
F Detach the trailer from the towball.
F Refit the protective cover to the towball.
F Remove the protective cover from the
towball.
F Attach the trailer to the towball. F Hold towball 5 firmly in one hand; using the
F Attach the cable on the trailer to the safety
other hand, pull and turn locking wheel 6
eye 4 on the carrier. fully in a clockwise direction; do not release
F Insert the trailer plug and give it a quarter
the locking wheel.
turn to connect it to socket 3 of the carrier.
222Practical information
Maintenance Energy economy mode
Correct operation is only possible if the towball System which manages the duration of use of
and its carrier are kept clean. certain functions to conserve a sufficient level
Before cleaning the vehicle with a high- of charge in the battery.
pressure jet wash, the towball must be removed After the engine has stopped, you can still use
and the protective plug fitted to the carrier. functions such as the audio and telematics
system, windscreen wipers, dipped beam
headlamps, courtesy lamps, etc. for a
Apply the label provided to a clearly visible maximum combined duration of about forty
area, close to the carrier or in the boot. minutes.
Go to a PEUGEOT dealer or a qualified
F Extract the towball from the bottom of its
workshop for any work on the towbar
carrier 1. Switching to this mode
system.
F Release the locking wheel; this automatically
stops in the unlocked position (position B). A message appears in the instrument panel
screen indicating that the vehicle has switched
to economy mode and the active functions are
put on standby.
Load reduction mode
If a telephone call is being made at this
System which manages the use of certain
time, it will be maintained for around
functions according to the level of charge
remaining in the battery. 10 minutes with the Bluetooth hands-free 7
system of your audio system.
When the vehicle is being driven, the load
reduction function temporarily deactivates
certain functions, such as air conditioning,
heated rear screen, etc. Exiting the mode
The deactivated functions are reactivated
F Refit protective plug 2 to carrier 1. automatically as soon as conditions permit. These functions will be automatically restored
F Carefully stow the towball in its bag away the next time the vehicle is used.
from knocks and dirt.
223Practical information
In order to restore the use of these functions F First insert the two lower fixing brackets into
immediately, start the engine and let it run: the bumper.
- for less than ten minutes, to use the F Tilt the screen upwards until the three upper
equipment for approximately five minutes, fixing brackets click into the bumper.
- for more than ten minutes, to use the F Check that the unit is firmly held by pressing
equipment for up to approximately thirty its edge.
minutes. Repeat these operations for the other screen.
Let the engine run for the duration specified to
ensure that the battery charge is sufficient.
Do not repeatedly and continuously restart the Removing
engine in order to charge the battery. For fitting and removing the screen, it is
recommended that you get in touch with a
PEUGEOT dealer or a qualified workshop.
A flat battery prevents the engine from Before fitting or removing a screen,
starting. ensure that the engine is off and the
For more information on the 12 V battery, cooling fan has stopped.
refer to the corresponding section.
Fitting
F Insert a finger into the notch in the upper
Very cold climate screen part of the screen.
F Pull towards you to unclip the unit.
(Depending on country of sale.) Repeat these operations for the other screen.
Prevents snow from accumulating at the
radiator cooling fan. The very cold climate screen must be
This removable device consists of two removed:
elements to be attached to the front bumper. - when the exterior temperature exceeds
F Offer up the corresponding screen to the 10°C,
- when towing,
lower grille in the bumper.
- at speeds above 75 mph (120 km/h).
224Practical information
Snow chains For more information on snow chains, contact a Fitting roof bars
PEUGEOT dealer or a qualified workshop.
In wintry conditions, snow chains
As a safety measure and to avoid
improve traction as well as the
Installation tips damaging the roof, it is essential to use
behaviour of the vehicle when
the transverse bars approved for your
braking. F If you have to fit the chains during a journey, vehicle.
stop the vehicle on a flat surface on the side Observe the instructions on fitting and
of the road. use contained in the guide supplied with
Snow chains must be fitted only to the F Apply the parking brake and position any the roof bars.
front wheels. They must never be fitted to wheel chocks to prevent movement of your
"space-saver" type spare wheels. vehicle.
F Fit the chains following the instructions Fitting on longitudinal bars
provided by the manufacturer.
F Move off gently and drive for a few
Take account of the legislation in force in moments, without exceeding 31 mph
your country on the use of snow chains (50 km/h).
and the maximum authorised speed. F Stop your vehicle and check that the snow
chains are correctly tightened.
Use only the chains designed to be fitted to the
It is strongly recommended that before
type of wheel fitted to your vehicle:
you leave, you practise fitting the snow 7
chains on a level and dry surface.
Original tyre size Maximum link size Avoid driving with snow chains on roads
that have been cleared of snow to avoid
The transverse bars must be fixed at the
damaging your vehicle's tyres and the
engraved markings on the longitudinal bars.
215/65 R17 9 mm road surface. If your vehicle is fitted with
alloy wheels, check that no part of the
225/55 R18 9 mm
chain or its fixings is in contact with the
205/55 R19 9 mm wheel rim.
235/50 R19 cannot be fitted with chains
225Practical information
Fitting directly to the roof
Maximum load distributed across the Sunroof
transverse roof bars, for a load height not Check that the load does not pass below
exceeding 40 cm (except bicycle carrier): the roof bars so that it does not impede
80 kg. the movements of the sunroof.
For more information, contact a
PEUGEOT dealer or a qualified workshop.
If the height exceeds 40 cm, adapt the
speed of the vehicle to the profile of the Bonnet
road to avoid damaging the roof bars and
the vehicle's anchorage points.
For transporting objects which are longer Before doing anything under the bonnet,
than the vehicle, refer to local legislation. deactivate the Stop & Start system to
avoid any risk of injury resulting from an
automatic change to START mode.
The location of the interior bonnet release
Recommendations
lever prevents opening of the bonnet when
Distribute the load uniformly, taking care
the left-hand front door is shut.
You must only attach the transverse bars to to avoid overloading one of the sides.
the four fixing points located in the roof frame. Arrange the heaviest part of the load as
These points are concealed by the vehicle close as possible to the roof.
doors when the doors are closed. Lash the load securely.
The roof bar fixings have a stud which must be Drive gently: the vehicle will be more When the engine is hot, handle the
inserted into the opening of each fixing point. susceptible to the effects of side winds exterior safety catch and the stay with
and the stability of the vehicle may be care (risk of burns), using the protected
affected. area.
On a long journey, check the security of When the bonnet is open, take care not to
the load at every stop. damage the safety catch.
Remove the roof bars once they are no Do not open the bonnet under very windy
longer needed. conditions.
226Practical information
The cooling fan may start after
switching off the engine: take care
with articles and clothing that might
be caught by the fan blades.
Opening
F Unclip the stay from its housing and place it
in the support slot to hold the bonnet open.
Closing
F Open the left-hand front door. F Take the stay out of the support slot.
F Clip the stay in its housing.
F Pull the release lever, located at the bottom
F Lower the bonnet and release it near the
of the door aperture, towards you.
end of its travel.
7
F Pull on the bonnet to check that it is fully
latched.
Because of the presence of electrical
equipment under the bonnet, it is
recommended that exposure to water
(rain, washing, etc.) be limited.
F Lift the safety catch and raise the bonnet.
227Practical information
Engine compartment Petrol engine(s)
This engine example is given for illustration
purposes only.
The positions of the following elements may
change:
- Air filter.
- Engine oil dipstick.
- Engine oil filler cap.
- Priming pump.
- Degassing screw.
1. Screenwash fluid tank.
2. Coolant tank.
3. Brake fluid tank.
4. Battery / Fuses.
5. Remote earth point (-).
6. Fusebox.
Diesel engine(s)
7. Air filter.
8. Engine oil dipstick.
9. Engine oil filler cap.
10. Priming pump*.
11. Degassing screw*.
The Diesel fuel system operates under
very high pressure.
All work on this circuit must be carried out
only by a PEUGEOT dealer or a qualified
workshop.
* Depending on engine.
228Practical information
Checking levels Do not discard used oil or fluids into F Take the dipstick by its coloured grip and
sewers or onto the ground. pull it out completely.
Check all of these levels regularly, in line with Take used oil to a PEUGEOT dealer or F Wipe the end of the dipstick using a clean
the manufacturer's service schedule. Top them a qualified workshop and dispose of it in non-fluffy cloth.
up if necessary, unless otherwise indicated. the containers reserved for this purpose. F Refit the dipstick and push fully down, then
If a level drops significantly, have the pull it out again to make the visual check:
corresponding system checked by a PEUGEOT the correct level is between marks A and B.
dealer or a qualified workshop.
Engine oil level
The check is carried out either when
The fluid must comply with the
the ignition is switched on using the
manufacturer's recommendations and
oil level indicator in the instrument
with the vehicle's engine.
panel for vehicles equipped with an
electric gauge, or using the dipstick. A = MAX
B = MIN
Take care when working under the
bonnet, as certain areas of the engine
To ensure that the reading is correct, your
may be extremely hot (risk of burns) and
vehicle must be parked on a level surface
the cooling fan could start at any time
with the engine stopped for more than
(even with the ignition off).
30 minutes. If you find that the level is above the A mark or
below the B mark, do not start the engine. 7
- If the level is above the MAX mark (risk of
It is normal to top up the oil level between damage to the engine), contact a PEUGEOT
Used products two services (or oil changes). PEUGEOT dealer or a qualified workshop.
recommends that you check the level, and top - If the level is below the MIN mark, you must
Avoid prolonged contact of used oil or up if necessary, every 3,000 miles (5,000 km). top up the engine oil.
fluids with the skin.
Most of these fluids are harmful to health
Checking using the dipstick
or indeed very corrosive.
The location of the dipstick is shown in the
corresponding underbonnet layout view.
229In the event of a breakdown
- the sunroof and its electric blind, The towing eye is stored in a toolbox, under the
F Place the gearbox in neutral.
- the electric windows, boot floor.
Failure to follow this instruction may
- the date and time, For more information on Access to the tools,
cause damage to some components
- the preset radio stations. refer to the corresponding section.
(braking, transmission, etc.) and the
absence of braking assistance when the
engine is restarted.
The Stop & Start system may not be
operational during the trip following the
Towing your vehicle
first engine start.
In this case, the system will only be
F Unlock the steering and release the parking
available again after a continuous
brake.
period of immobilisation of the vehicle,
F Switch on the hazard warning lamps on
a period which depends on the exterior
both vehicles.
temperature and the state of charge of
F Set off gently, drive slowly and for a short
the battery (up to about 8 hours).
distance.
Towing the vehicle
Procedure for having your vehicle towed or
Towing another vehicle
for towing another vehicle using a removable
towing eye.
Access to the tools F On the front bumper, unclip the cover by
pressing on its top left corner.
F Screw the towing eye in fully.
F Install the towing arm.
8
F On the rear bumper, unclip the cover by
pressing at the left.
261In the event of a breakdown
F Screw the towing eye in fully.
General recommendations
F Install the towing arm.
Observe the legislation in force in your
F Switch on the hazard warning lamps on
country.
both vehicles.
Ensure that the weight of the towing
F Move off gently, drive slowly and for a short
vehicle is higher than that of the towed
distance.
vehicle.
The driver must remain at the wheel of
the towed vehicle and must have a valid
driving licence.
When towing a vehicle with all four
wheels on the ground, always use an
approved towing arm; rope and straps are
prohibited.
The towing vehicle must move off gently.
When the vehicle is towed with its
engine off, there is no longer braking and
steering assistance.
In the following cases, you must always
call on a professional recovery service:
- vehicle broken down on a motorway
or fast road,
- four-wheel drive vehicle,
- when it is not possible to put the
gearbox into neutral, unlock the
steering, or release the parking brake,
- when it is not possible to tow a vehicle
with an automatic gearbox, engine
running,
- towing with only two wheels on the
ground,
- where there is no approved towbar,
etc. available.
262Technical data
Engine technical data and The GTW values and the towable loads listed
If the exterior temperature is high, it is
are valid for a maximum altitude of 1,000 metres.
towed loads recommended that the engine be allowed
The towable load must be reduced by steps of
to idle for 1 to 2 minutes after the vehicle
10% for each additional 1,000 metres.
comes to a stop, to facilitate its cooling.
Engines The maximum authorised nose weight
corresponds to the weight permitted on the
The engine characteristics are given in the towbar.
vehicle's registration document, as well as in
sales brochures. GTW: Gross train weight.
The maximum power corresponds to
the value type-approved on a test bed, When exterior temperatures are high,
under conditions defined in European the vehicle performance may be limited
legislation (Directive 1999/99/EC). in order to protect the engine. When the
exterior temperature is higher than 37°C,
For more information, contact a PEUGEOT limit the towed weight.
dealer or a qualified workshop.
Weights and towed loads Towing using a lightly loaded vehicle can
adversely affect roadholding.
Braking distances are increased when
The weights and towed loads relating to your
towing a trailer.
vehicle are given in the registration document,
When using a vehicle to tow, never
as well as in sales brochures.
exceed a speed of approximately 60 mph
These values are also given on the (100 km/h) (observe the local legislation
manufacturer's plate or label. in force).
For more information, contact a PEUGEOT 9
dealer or a qualified workshop.
263
