Symbol Meaning Symbol Meaning
Lights up – power steering faul- Lights up – speed limiter is regulat-
ty » page 33 ing the vehicle speed » page 97
Flashes – steering column lock not Flashes – the speed limiter's set lim-
unlocked » page 33 it has been exceeded » page 97
Flashes – steering column lock faul- Main beam or headlight flasher
ty » page 33 switched on » page 46
Keyless Access – no key Seat belt on the rear seat not in
found » page 25 use » page 35
Keyless Access – start prob- Seat belt on the rear seat in
lem » page 88 use » page 35
Petrol engine control faul- Seat belt on the rear seat not in
ty » page 105 use » page 35
Emission control system faul- Illuminated - unoccupied rear
ty » page 106 seat » page 35
Front passenger airbag activa- Flashes – rear seat belt not fas-
ted » page 44 tened » page 35
Flashes in conjunction with – Seat belt on the rear seat in
key-operated switch for airbag de- use » page 35
activation faulty » page 44
Low outside tempera-
Front passenger airbag deactiva- ture » page 60, » page 61
ted » page 44
Service events » page 124
Airbag system faulty » page 43
Lights up for 4 s and then flashes – Engine was shut down automatically
airbag or belt tensioner with diag- by START-STOP » page 88
nostic device switched Engine was not shut down automat-
off » page 43 ically by START-STOP » page 88
ASR deactivated » page 95 Speed limiter faulty » page 98
Lights up – ESC or ASR faul- Lights up – speed limiter activa-
ty » page 95 ted » page 97
Flashes – ESC or ASR interven- In conjunction with – speed limit-
ing » page 95
er is regulating the vehicle
Front Assist deactivated » page 96 speed » page 97
Front Assist not available » page 96 Cruise control system faul-
ty » page 99
Left turn sig-
nal » page 46, » page 47 Cruise control activated » page 98
Right turn sig- Along with – cruise control sys-
nal » page 46, » page 47 tem controls the driving
speed » page 98
Rear seat belt in use » page 35
Front Assist deactivated » page 96
Front fog light switched Front Assist not available » page 96
on » page 47
Front Assist starting up » page 96
Gear lever is locked » page 89
Safe distance not kept » page 96
The cruise control system controls
the driving speed » page 98
Warning lights overview 13Correct and safe New brake pads
New brake pads do not provide optimum braking
during the first 800 km – they must be worn off
Introductory notes for correct first. So drive with extra care.
use New tyres
New tyres do not provide optimum grip for the first
—Read this Owner's Manual carefully to ensure that 500 km. So drive with extra care.
you are using the vehicle correctly. Always keep
this Owner's Manual in the vehicle.
—When using the vehicle, always observe the gen- Regular checks
erally binding legal provisions applicable in the
country of use, those for transporting children,
What you should be mindful of before driving?
switching off airbags, using tyres, road traffic, etc.
A vehicle with technical defects can increase the risk
—Do not exceed the maximum permissible weights
of accidents and injuries.
and loads.
Repair any defects before driving. If required, seek
—Do not exceed the maximum permissible roof
assistance from a specialised garage.
load.
Pay special attention to the following points:
—Use the specified fuel and operating fluids.
—Drive on roads that meet the vehicle technical pa- —Are the tyres undamaged?
rameters. Obstacles that exceed the vehicle's —Is the tyre tread sufficient?
ground clearance » page 131 can damage the ve-
—Is the tyre pressure sufficient?
hicle.
—Do the headlights, brake and turn signals work?
—Take care when carrying out operational, mainte-
nance and self-assistance tasks to avoid damage —Is the windscreen in good condition?
or injury. If required, seek assistance from a speci- —Are the engine oil, brake fluid and coolant levels
alised garage. OK?
—Work on the vehicle’s safety systems (seat belts —Is the air intake in the engine compartment free
and airbag system) may only be carried out by from obstruction?
a specialist garage.
—Are the air outlet nozzles and air intake in front of
—When using accessories, please follow the in- the windscreen free from obstruction?
structions in the accessory manufacturer’s man-
—Are the windscreen wiper and washer system and
ual. please follow the instructions in the accesso-
windscreen wiper blades functional?
ry manufacturer’s manual.
—Is the windscreen washer fluid level sufficient?
—Always observe the service intervals.
—Are the windscreen wiper blades frozen?
—Are all seat belt system components in good
working order? Are the seat belts clean and the
New vehicle or new parts
buckles free from obstruction?
—Are the spoilers undamaged?
New vehicle – running in the engine
—Are parts and components of the vehicle still visi-
The driving style during the first 1,500 km deter-
bly attached?
mines the quality of the engine run-in process.
—Are there oil stains or other operating fluids under
—For the first 1,000 km load the engine to maxi-
the vehicle?
mum 3/4 of the highest permissible engine speed
and avoid using a trailer.
—Over the next 500 km the engine speed can be
Incorrect vehicle adjustments
slowly increased.
Depending on the driving style and operating condi-
Incorrect changes and maintenance can cause mal-
tions, the engine will consume up to 0.5 l of oil per
functions and affect the vehicle's safety-relevant
1,000km. Consumption may be higher over the first
and other functions.
5,000km.
14 Correct and safe—Adjustments, repairs and technical changes to the When working in the engine compartment
vehicle should only be carried out by a specialist
—Keep children away from the engine compart-
garage.
ment.
—Never place additional insulation material over
—Do not touch the radiator fan. The radiator fan
the engine, e.g. a cover.
may start up automatically, even when the igni-
tion is off.
—Do not touch electrical cables. Avoid short circuits
Sensor and camera mainte-
in the electrical system, especially on the 12-volt
nance vehicle battery.
—Do not smoke near the engine, and keep open
flames and sparks away from it.
Certain functions are supported by sensors and cam-
eras inside and outside the vehicle. —If you are working in the engine compartment
with the engine running, beware of rotating en-
Accessories such as bike racks installed at the rear of
gine parts and electrical equipment.
the vehicle can impair the functioning of the sensors
and cameras —Do not leave any objects in the engine compart-
ment.
—Keep the sensors and cameras for the assist sys-
tems clean and do not cover or stick anything
over them.
Handling fluids
—If you suspect that the sensors and the cameras
may be damaged, seek assistance from a special-
ist garage. Your vehicle uses various operating fluids that can
affect health or the environment when emitted.
These are fuel, oils, acid from the 12-volt vehicle
battery, coolant and brake fluid.
Engine compartment
—Only use operating fluids outdoors or in well-ven-
tilated areas. If necessary, wear protective equip-
Before you open the bonnet
ment.
Risk of scalding! Do not open the bonnet if steam or
—Do not use or check operating fluids with the en-
coolant is escaping.
gine running.
—Stop the engine and allow it to cool.
—In the event of contact with operating fluids,
—Remove the ignition key. On vehicles with a key- wash affected areas with warm water. If necessa-
less locking system, open the driver's door. ry, seek medical assistance.
—Engine oil leaks can cause fire. Wipe away any
Explanation of the warning symbols on the sticker
leaks using a cloth.
in the engine compartment
—Store cloths soiled with brake fluid in a well-ven-
tilated place until disposal. Cloths with residues of
engine oil can ignite and cause a fire.
12-volt vehicle battery
Handling the 12-volt vehicle battery
The acid in the 12-volt vehicle battery is very caus-
tic. Incorrect handling of the 12-volt vehicle battery
can cause an explosion, fire, chemical burns or poi-
Do not touch the engine compartment
soning!
Beware of hot parts!
—When handling the 12-volt vehicle battery, eye
Beware of rotating parts! and skin protection must be worn.
Risk of electric shock! —Do not tilt the 12-volt vehicle battery, as it may
leak the battery acid.
Use prescribed engine oil
Sensor and camera maintenance 15—If battery acid comes into contact with skin, wash Sitting safely
the affected area with water for a few minutes.
Seek medical assistance without delay.
For the safety of the occupants and to reduce the
—Do not charge a frozen or thawed 12-volt vehicle risk of injury in the event of an accident, follow the
battery. Replace a frozen 12-volt vehicle battery. instructions below:
—Do not use a damaged 12-volt vehicle battery. —Place the backrests upright. If the front passenger
—Risk of short circuit Do not connect the poles of seat backrest has been folded forward, only the
the 12-volt vehicle battery. seat behind the driver's seat may be used for
transporting passengers.
—Engage the rear seat backrests correctly.
Using vehicle electrical sock- —Adjust the height-adjustable headrest so that the
top of the headrest is as close as possible to the
ets
top of the head.
—The headrest on the occupied rear seat should not
Incorrect use of the sockets can lead to life-threat-
be in the lower position, but the upper edge of
ening electric shock or fire.
the headrest should be at the same height as the
—The sockets can become warm during operation. top of the head.
Do not touch the sockets that have become
—Keep your feet in the footwell.
warm.
—Use the entire seat.
—Protect the sockets from liquids.
—Do not lean forward or sit to the side.
—If fluid does enter the power socket, dry it out
completely before reusing. —Do not place any limbs out the window.
—Do not insert any objects into the socket contacts.
Before your journey
Adults and children, cargo and objects – everything
has its place in the vehicle. Follow the instructions
below to insure optimal occupant protection in the
event of an accident.
Before you set off
—Adjust the driver's seat longitudinally so that the
—Ensure that you have a good view of outside the
pedals can be easily reached with slightly bent
vehicle. Mount external devices so that they do
legs.
not obstruct your view, e.g. a navigation system.
—Adjust the rear-view mirrors. —Adjust the steering wheel so that the distance A
between the steering wheel and the breastbone is
—Close all doors, the bonnet and the boot lid.
at least. 25 cm.
—Assume the correct sitting position, adjust the
—Adjust the angle of the backrest so that your
seats correctly and fasten the seat belt properly.
hands rest on the top of the steering wheel with
Ensure that all passengers do the same.
your arms slightly bent.
—Always keep your seat belt on while driving.
—Move the passenger seat back as far as possible.
—Only one person can be secured with one seat The front passenger must maintain a distance
belt. from the dashboard at least 25 cm.
—Make sure that the seat belts are not trapped,
e.g.in the door or in the seat.
—Check the seat belts, their locks and attachment
points for damage.
16 Correct and safeCorrect belt webbing arrange-
ment
—Hold the steering wheel with both hands on the
outer edge in the “9 o'clock” and “3 o'clock” posi-
tion.
The webbing arrangement is extremely important to
ensure that the seat belts offer the best possible Securing children properly
protection.
—The shoulder strap must run over the middle of —Do not carry a child on your lap, and do not secure
the shoulder, never over the neck, and must lie the child and yourself with one seat belt.
firmly against the body (it must not run over loose
—Only transport children in a suitable child
layers of clothing).
seat » page 37.
—The lap belt part must be placed in front of the
pelvis and fit tightly. Children under 150 cm tall will not be properly pro-
tected without a child seat. Children who have been
—For pregnant women, the lap belt part must be as
inadequately secured can be thrown through the ve-
low as possible on the pelvis, so that there is no
hicle in the event of an accident or a sudden ma-
pressure on the abdomen.
noeuvre. This can result in life-threatening injuries
—The webbing must not be pinched or twisted or to yourself and other occupants.
rub against sharp edges.
If children lean forward or assume an incorrect sit-
—The webbing must not pass over solid or fragile ting position during the journey, they are more likely
objects under clothing, such as a key ring, etc. to be injured in the event of an accident. This is es-
—The tongue may only be inserted into the buckle pecially true for children who are carried in the pas-
of the associated seat. senger seat – if the airbag system triggers, they
could be seriously injured or killed.
—The webbing must be tight. Therefore, do not at-
tach clamps or similar items to the webbing to
Child secured in an incorrect sitting position is at
adjust the seat belt according to body size.
risk from the side airbag
Correct steering wheel posi-
tion
Incorrect steering wheel position can lead to serious
injuries to the arms, hands and head if the airbag de-
ploys.
The child should not be in the deployment area of
the side airbag.
Correct belt webbing arrangement 17Passenger seat
Category
With activated front airbag Without activated front airbaga)
a) If the passenger seat is equipped with the ISOFIX system eyelets, it is suitable for fitting an ISOFIX child seat
with “Semi-Universal” approval.
Rear seats
Category
Outer seats Centre seat
0
IL X
(up to 10 kg)
1 IL
X
(9–18 kg) IUF
2
IL X
(15–25 kg)
3
IL X
(22–36 kg)
“IL” The seat is suitable for ISOFIX child seats with “Semi-Universal” approval.
“IUF” The seat is suitable for forward-facing child seats permitted for use in this weight category.
“X” The seat is not equipped with ISOFIX system eyelets.
Child seat fastened with a safety belt
Overview of applicability of child seats in accordance with the ECE-R 16 and AIS072 regulations.
Passenger seat
Category
With activated front airbaga) Without activated front airbag
0
X Ub)
(up to 10 kg)
0+
X Ub)
(up to 13 kg)
1
UF Ub)
(9–18 kg)
2
UF X
(15–25 kg)
3
UF X
(22–36 kg)
a) Adjust the height-adjustable front seat as high as possible.
b) Applies to rear-facing child seats.
Rear seats
Category
Outer seats Centre seat
0
U X
(up to 10 kg)
0+
U X
(up to 13 kg)
1
U X
(9–18 kg)
2
U X
(15–25 kg)
Fasteners for child seats 39Rear seats
Category
Outer seats Centre seat
3
U X
(22–36 kg)
“U” The seat is suitable for child seats in the “Universal” category permitted for use in this weight group.
“UF” The seat is suitable for forward-facing child seats in the “Universal” category and is permitted for use in
this weight group.
“X” The seat is not suitable for children in this weight group.
Child seat fastened with a safety belt
Overview of applicability of child seats in accordance with the GSO 1709/2005 regulation.
Passenger seat
Category
With activated front airbaga) Without activated front airbag
0
X Ub)
(up to 10 kg)
1
UF Ub)
(9–18 kg)
2
UF X
(15–25 kg)
3
UF X
(22–36 kg)
a) Adjust the height-adjustable front seat as high as possible.
b) Applies to rear-facing child seats.
Rear seats
Category
Outer seats Centre seat
0
U X
(up to 10 kg)
1
U X
(9–18 kg)
2
U X
(15–25 kg)
3
U X
(22–36 kg)
“U” The seat is suitable for child seats in the “Universal” category permitted for use in this weight group.
“UF” The seat is suitable for forward-facing child seats in the “Universal” category and is permitted for use in
this weight group.
“X” The seat is not suitable for children in this weight group.
i-Size
Passenger seat Rear seats
With activated front air- Without activated front
Outer seats Centre seat
bag airbag
X X i-U X
“i-U”The seat is suitable for forward-facing and rear-facing i-Size child seats in the “Universal” category.
40 Restraint systems and airbags“X” The seat is not suitable for i-Size child seats in the “Universal” category.
Overview tached to the TOP TETHER system holding eye-
let.
Follow the instructions and notes at the beginning The belt fastened into the TOP TETHER System re-
of this chapter » page 36, What you should be mind- stricts the movement of the upper part of the child
ful of. seat.
ISOFIX
WARNING
· Do not attach any other child seats, belts or ob-
jects to the mounting eyelets used to install the
child seat with the ISOFIX System provided.
The ISOFIX System allows the child seat to be instal-
led quickly and securely. The eyelets for installing
the child seat using the ISOFIX System are located
on the outer rear seats. Mounting eyelets on the rear seats
A child seat that uses the ISOFIX System can only be
installed in the vehicle if it is approved for this vehi- The belt mounting eyelets are located on back of the
cle type. Further information can be obtained from rear seats A.
a Volkswagen Partner or from a list of vehicles inclu-
ded with the child seat.
Airbags
Use
The airbag system offers additional occupant pro-
tection to the seat belts during severe frontal and
side collisions.
The airbag system is not a substitute for the seat
belts.
Mounting eyelets for installing the child seat using
the ISOFIX System. What you should be mindful of
TOP TETHER The airbag system can only perform its protective
function if all occupants are belted in and seated in
WARNING
the correct position.
· Child seats that use the TOP TETHER system WARNING
should only be used on those seats that are fit-
ted with holding eyelets bearing the TOP TETH- Danger of serious or fatal injuries!
ER symbol. · Maintain the correct seating position.
· Only attach one fastening strap on the child · Do not place your limbs in the airbag deploy-
seat to the holding eyelet in the TOP TETHER ment area.
system.
· No persons, animals or objects such
· When attaching the child seat with the TOP as » page 43 cup holders or hangers for
TETHER system, no other object must be at-
Airbags 41clothes may be in the deployment area of the the vehicle and the type of object the vehicle col-
airbags. lides with (hard or soft). Therefore, even visible ex-
tensive damage to the vehicle does not always mean
WARNING that the airbag should have been activated.
Risk of impairing the front airbags! The deceleration of the vehicle in the event of an
· Do not cover or stick anything over the steering impact registered by the control unit is decisive for
the activation of the airbag system. If the measured
wheel or the dash panel. This can prevent the
impact deceleration does not reach the specified
front airbags from deploying.
reference values, the airbags are not activated, even
though the accident may cause very extensive de-
WARNING
formation of the vehicle.
Risk of impairing the side airbags!
Damage to the vehicle, the cost of repairs or even
· Do not exert excessive force, e.g. impacts, on the absence of damage to the vehicle in an accident
the backrests. may not be an indicator of whether or not an airbag
· Do not use seat covers that have not been ap- should be deployed.
proved by Volkswagen. As the circumstances of individual impacts can vary
· Any damage to seat covers at the side airbag lo- considerably, it is not possible to define a range of
cation must be repaired by a specialist garage. vehicle speeds and reference values. Therefore, it is
not possible to cover all possible types and angles of
Volkswagen recommends using seat covers impact that would lead to airbag activation.
from the Volkswagen Genuine Accessories
range. Airbags can only be activated once and only in cer-
tain situations.
In some situations it is necessary to deactivate the
Seat belts are always available to provide protection
front passenger airbag, if the car is equipped with
in situations where the airbags do not deploy or
a front passenger front airbag deactivation
have already deployed.
switch » page 44.
For example, if the vehicle collides with another ve-
WARNING hicle or is hit by another one after the initial colli-
sion.
Cleaning agents containing solvents cause the sur-
face of the airbag units to become porous. In an The airbag system is part of the overall passive safe-
airbag deployment accident, the porous materials ty concept of the vehicle. The airbag system can on-
can become loose and cause serious injury. ly work effectively if the occupants are wearing their
· Never clean the dashboard or airbag covers with seat belts correctly and are in the correct seating
position.
solvent-based cleaning agents.
WARNING
When the airbag is activated, other injuries such as
Functionality
swelling, bruising, burns and abrasions are not
ruled out. Airbag activation can also cause friction-
Airbags are designed to protect the occupants of al heat.
a vehicle in frontal and side impacts of a certain in-
tensity by reducing their movement in the direction WARNING
of impact.
Airbags do not provide protection for the arms and
When activated, the airbag is inflated within milli- lower body.
seconds by a gas generator. This causes the airbag
covers to break and the airbags to inflate forcefully WARNING
to cover their areas of deployment.
Airbag activation releases dust or vapour. This is
As the occupant wearing a seat belt begins to sink normal and not a sign of a fire in the vehicle.
into the inflated airbag, the gas inside the airbag be-
gins to escape to trap the occupant and slow his or Fine dust can irritate the skin and mucous mem-
her movement. This can reduce the risk of serious branes of the eyes. It can also lead to respiratory
and fatal injuries. problems, especially in people who suffer or have
suffered from asthma or other respiratory disorders.
Important factors for airbag activation include the
type of accident, the angle of impact, the speed of
42 Restraint systems and airbagsOperating conditions for the windscreen washer Wiping and washing the rear window
system
✓ Bonnet closed
✓ Boot lid closed
Operation
WARNING
Risk of accident! Washing and wiping (spring-loaded position)
At low temperatures, windscreen washer fluid can
Wiping
freeze on the windscreen and restrict visibility.
Switching off
· Only use the windscreen washer when the
windscreen is warm.
Automatic rear window wiping function
Wiping and washing the windscreen When the windscreen wipers are switched on, the
rear window is automatically wiped when the re-
verse gear is engaged.
Settings
The automatic window wiping function can be acti-
vated or deactivated in the following Infotainment
system menu:
10″ Infotainment system: Car Mirrors and wipers
Fast wiping
Slow wiping Refilling windscreen washer fluid
Depending on vehicle equipment:
—Intermittent wiping WARNING
—Automatic wiping controlled by the rain sen- Risk of accident!
sor
· Use windscreen washer fluid that is suitable for
Switching off
the climatic conditions.
Single windscreen wipe (sprung position)
NOTICE
A Setting the wiping speed for the position
Washing and wiping (spring-loaded position) Risk of damage to the washer
· Do not remove the strainer from the neck of the
tank when refilling the washer fluid.
NOTICE
Risk of damage to the headlights
· Only use washer fluid that does not damage poly-
carbonate.
NOTICE
Risk of damage to the engine compartment compo-
nents
54 Lighting, windscreen wipers and washers· Close the container after refilling the windscreen
washer fluid.
The windscreen washer tank is in the engine com-
partment » page 11.
Tank volume is 3 l.
—Open the engine compartment lid » page 101.
—Gently open the top of the sealing cap.
—Top up the windscreen washer fluid.
—Close the tank sealing cap. —Press the lock A to slide the windscreen wiper
blade B out of the holder and remove it from the
windscreen wiper arm.
Troubleshooting
—Put the new windscreen wiper blade on the wind-
screen wiper arm and push it into the mount until
Windscreen washer fluid too low it clicks into place.
illuminates together with —Fold the windscreen wiper arm back onto the
windscreen.
or:
illuminates together with
—Top up the windscreen washer fluid.
Frozen windscreen wipers
—Carefully detach frozen windscreen wipers from
the windscreen before switching on the ignition
and remove any snow and ice.
Folding down windscreen wiper
arms and replacing windscreen
wiper blades
NOTICE
Risk of damage to the windscreen wipers and the
engine compartment flap!
· Close the engine compartment flap before the
windscreen wiper arms are folded away from the
windscreen.
· Do not turn on the ignition when the windscreen
wiper arms are folded away.
CAUTION
Risk of an accident!
· Change the windscreen wiper blades once or
twice a year.
—Fold the windscreen wiper arm away from the
windscreen.
Windscreen wipers and washers 55Heating and air condition- Operation
ing system
Manual air conditioning
What you should be mindful of
—It is recommend to keep the interior temperature
no more than 5 °C lower than the outdoor tem-
perature.
A Setting the temperature
—It is recommended to switch the cooling system
B Setting the fan speed
off about 10 minutes before the end of the jour-
ney to prevent odour formation. C Setting the direction of the air outlet
Switching the cooling system on/off
—It is recommended to have the air conditioner dis-
infected once a year. Switching the recirculated air mode on/off
Switching the rear window heater
WARNING
on/off » page 58, Operation
Danger of misting!
· Always keep the fan on. Cooling system
When the cooling system is switched on, the tem-
WARNING perature and humidity in the vehicle will drop.
Risk of an accident! Switching on the cooling system prevents the win-
dows from misting up.
In recirculation mode, there is no fresh air supply
from the outside. This can result in loss of driver
Automatic activation of the cooling system
attention and fogging up of windows.
Automatic activation of the cooling system prevents
· Keep the recirculation mode switched on for the windows from misting up. It turns on when the
a short time only. following conditions are met:
✓ The fan is on
Cooling system operating condi- ✓ The air distribution setting is in the position.
tions
In this case, the recirculation mode is switched off
and cannot be switched on.
✓ Outside temperature above 2 °C
Or:
✓ Running engine
✓ Fan switched on ✓ The fan is on
✓ The air distribution setting is not in the posi-
Indicator light in the button may light up, tion.
even if all the conditions for turning on the ✓ Recirculated air mode is on
cooling are not met. The cooling system switches on
when the activation conditions are met.
Recirculated air mode
Recirculated air mode prevents contaminated out-
side air entering the vehicle.
Briefly switching on recirculated air mode can in-
crease the cooling effect.
Recirculated air mode is automatically switched on
when the following conditions are met::
✓ The cooling is on
✓ The fan is on
56 Heating and air conditioning system✓ The temperature control is set to the minimum In recirculation mode, there is no fresh air supply
temperature. from the outside. This can result in loss of driver
✓ The air distribution setting is not in the posi- attention and fogging up of windows.
tion. · Keep the recirculation mode switched on for
a short time only.
During operation of the air conditioning sys-
tem, there may be an automatic increase in
the engine idle speed.
Cooling system operating condi-
tions
Troubleshooting
✓ Outside temperature above 2 °C
✓ Running engine
Water under the vehicle
When the cooling system is switched on, water can ✓ Fan switched on
drip from the air conditioning system. This is not
a leak. After pressing the button, the symbol
will appear on the Climatronic display even if
Fogging the conditions for switching on the cooling are not
met. The cooling system switches on when the acti-
—Increase the blower speed, switch on the cooling
vation conditions are met.
system, and turn the air distribution to the wind-
screen.
Automatic deactivation of the cooling system Operation
If the coolant temperature is too high, the cooling
system may switch off automatically. This ensures
sufficient engine cooling.
Climatronic automatic air con-
ditioning system
What you should be mindful of
—It is recommend to keep the interior temperature
no more than 5 °C lower than the outdoor tem- A Climatronic display
perature. B Setting the temperature
—It is recommended to switch the cooling system C Interior temperature sensor
off about 10 minutes before the end of the jour- D Setting the fan speed
ney to prevent odour formation.
When the fan speed is completely reduced, the
—It is recommended to have the air conditioner dis- Climatronic switches off.
infected once a year.
E Setting the direction of the air outlet
—If the car is equipped with Climatronic automatic
Switch the windscreen ventilation/defrosting
air conditioning, it is recommended to use the au-
mode on/off
tomatic mode to reliably and efficiently achieve
Switching the rear window heater
the desired interior conditions.
on/off » page 58, Operation
WARNING Switching the cooling system on/off
Danger of misting! When the cooling system is switched on, the
temperature and humidity in the vehicle will
· Always keep the fan on.
drop.
WARNING Switching on the cooling system prevents the
windows from misting up.
Risk of an accident!
Climatronic automatic air conditioning system 57Switch automatic mode on Operation
This function keeps the temperature constant
and prevents the windows from misting. Rear window heating
Switching the recirculated air mode on/off —Press the button on the air conditioning con-
Recirculated air mode prevents contaminated trol panel.
outside air entering the vehicle. Rear window heating switches off automatically af-
ter a certain period.
If the temperature setting is outside the range, one
of the following icons will be displayed on the Cli- If the engine is switched off when the heating is on
matronic display: and turned back on again within about 10 minutes,
heating continues.
LO Maximum cooling power
HI Maximum heating power
During operation of the air conditioning sys- Troubleshooting
tem, there may be an automatic increase in
the engine idle speed.
The indicator light on or below the button flashes
Heating is not operational as the charge level of the
12-volt vehicle battery is too low.
Troubleshooting
Water under the vehicle Seat ventilation
When the cooling system is switched on, water can
drip from the air conditioning system. This is not
What you should be mindful of
a leak.
Fogging
NOTICE
—Switch on automatic mode.
Risk of damage to the seats
Or: · Do not kneel on the seats or otherwise apply con-
—Increase the blower speed, switch on the cooling centrated pressure to them.
system, and turn the air distribution to the wind- · Do not turn on the ventilation if:
screen.
—The seat is not occupied.
Automatic deactivation of the cooling system —There are objects on the seat, such as a child
If the coolant temperature is too high, the cooling seat.
system may switch off automatically. This ensures
—There are additional seat covers or protective
sufficient engine cooling.
covers on the seat.
Heated windscreen
Conditions
Use ✓ Engine running
Window heating is used to defrost or defog the
glass.
Operation
Conditions —Press the button or button above the air con-
ditioning control panel.
✓ Engine running Ventilation is switched on at the maximum power
level. Repeatedly pressing the button reduces the
✓ Outside temperature is below approx. 35 °C
ventilation power until it is deactivated.
58 Heating and air conditioning systemThe ventilation power is indicated by the number of Driver information system
illuminated indicator lights in the button.
The ventilation power can be set with the ig- Analog instrument cluster
nition on. Ventilation is only switched on after
the engine has been started.
Overview
Instrument cluster overview
A Tachometer with indicator lights
B Display
C Speedometer with indicator lights
D Bar with indicator lights
E Coolant temperature gauge
F Multifunction button :
—Setting the time
—Display service interval
G Multifunction button :
—Resetting the odometer (trip)
H Fuel gauge
NOTICE
Risk of serious damage to the engine and the ex-
haust system!
· Never empty the fuel tank completely!
In poor visibility and with dipped headlights
off, the brightness of the instrument cluster
lighting is reduced to remind the driver to turn on
the light.
Display overview
The following information is shown on the display:
Analog instrument cluster 59Settings
Setting the language
The language can be set in the following menu in
the Infotainment system:
10″ Infotainment system: System Language selection
Resetting the odometer
—Tap the key on the instrument cluster.
Display service interval
A Time
—Tap twice the key in the instrument cluster.
B Selected gear and gear recommendation
—Tap the key to display the service inter-
Included depending on vehicle equipment:
val.
—Automatic gearbox selector lever positions —Tap the key again to exit the menu.
C Menu, indicator lights and information
Setting the time
D Outside temperature
—Tap the key on the instrument cluster.
– low outside temperature
E Total distance travelled —Tap the key on the instrument cluster.
F trip – distance travelled after resetting the The hour setting is shown on the display.
memory —Tap the key repeatedly and set the
hours.
Overview of the main menu items on the display
—Tap the key to switch to the minute setting.
—Driving data » page 62, Overview
—Tap the key repeatedly and set the mi-
—Audio – using radio and media nutes.
—Phone – call list, accept or reject an incoming call The time can also be set in the following menu in
—Vehicle – vehicle status » page 64, Display the Infotainment system:
10″ Infotainment system: System Time and Date
Setting the brightness of the instrument cluster
Operation
lighting
The brightness of the instrument lighting is adjusted
Operation via the multifunction steering wheel
automatically based on the given lighting conditions.
You can set the intensity of the instrument lighting
in the following menu of the Infotainment system:
10″ Infotainment system: Car Lights settings
Switching between items / Returning to the
main menu
Confirming an item
Selecting data / Setting values
Displaying the previous menu (if one has been
selected) / displaying the Phone menu
60 Driver information systemDigital instrument cluster —Phone – call list, accept or reject an incoming call
—Vehicle – vehicle status » page 64, Display
Overview
Instrument cluster overview Operation
Overview of buttons/dials on the multifunction
steering wheel
A Central display area with selected information:
—Speed
—Time
—Indicator lights Switching between items / Returning to the
main menu
—Reports and information
Confirming an item
—Outside temperature
Selecting data / Setting values
– low outside temperature
Selecting and setting the display variant
B Display area with selected information:
—Coolant temperature gauge Resetting the odometer in the instrument cluster
—Indicator lights Applies to instrument cluster with 8" display (Digital
C Display area with selected information: display)
—Fuel gauge
—Indicator lights
D Display area with additional information.
E Display area with selected information:
—Selected gear
—Automatic gearbox selector lever positions
(depending on the vehicle equipment)
—Indicator lights
—Assist systems information
—Total distance travelled
Selecting data
—Range
Confirming data
NOTICE
—To reset the odometer on the right-hand side of
Risk of serious damage to the engine and the ex- the display, press the button, and then .
haust system!
—To reset the odometer on the left-hand side of
· Never empty the fuel tank completely! the display, press the button, and then .
—To reset the odometer in the middle of the dis-
Overview of the main menu items on the display
play, press the button, and then .
—Driving data » page 62, Overview
—To switch between information items, rotate the
—Audio - radio control button.
Digital instrument cluster 61—To confirm the information item selection, press Driving data
the button.
Overview
Settings
The driving data display works when the ignition is
switched on.
Setting the language
The language can be set in the following menu in On the instrument cluster display
the Infotainment system: Depending on vehicle equipment, the instrument
cluster display shows information such as speed,
10″ Infotainment system: System Language selection
fuel consumption, range, etc.
Setting the time
In the Infotainment system
Time is set in the following menu in the Infotain-
10″ Infotainment system:
ment system:
10″ Infotainment system: System Time and Date
Selecting and setting the display variant
—Press the button on the multifunction steer-
ing wheel
—Select one of the following display options.
A Average fuel consumption
B Driving time
C Distance travelled
D Average speed
E Range
Memory
The system saves the driving data in the following
memories:
From the start
—Driving data from the time when the ignition is
switched on to when it is switched off again is
stored in the memory. If the journey is interrup-
ted for more than 2 hours, the memory will be re-
set.
Digital
Speed Long-term
Sport (tachometer) —Driving data of all trips up to a total of 99 hours
and 59 minutes driving time or 9,999 km driving
Setting the brightness of the instrument cluster distance is stored in the memory. If one of the lis-
lighting ted values is exceeded, the memory is reset.
The brightness of the instrument lighting is adjusted
From refuelling
automatically based on the given lighting conditions.
—Driving data from the time the fuel tank was last
You can set the intensity of the instrument lighting
filled is stored in the memory. The memory is re-
in the following menu of the Infotainment system:
set the next time the tank is filled.
10″ Infotainment system: Car Lights settings
62 Driver information systemOperation Troubleshooting
Operation via the multifunction steering wheel Cruise control system fault
illuminated
—Seek the assistance from a specialist ga-
rage.
Activating/deactivating the cruise control
—Press the button.
Speed control does not take place when cruise con-
trol is activated.
Starting the cruise control
—Press the button.
Setting the speed
Increasing the speed in 1 km/h steps
Decreasing the speed in 1 km/h steps
Increasing/decreasing the speed in 10 km/h
steps
Interrupting cruise control
—Press the or buttons.
Or:
—Depress the brake pedal.
Regulation is automatically interrupted when the
ESC, ASR or Front Assist systems intervene.
Resuming the cruise control
—Press the button.
If no speed is set, the current speed is adopted.
Switching between the cruise control and the speed
limiter
—Press the button.
Temporary acceleration
—Depress the accelerator pedal.
Releasing the accelerator pedal will cause the speed
to drop again to the set speed.
Cruise control system 99Park Assist systems Rear view camera
Park Pilot parking aid Functionality
Functionality When reversing, the Infotainment display will show
the area behind the vehicle with orientation lines.
An acoustic signal is activated if an obstacle is de-
tected.
Orientation lines
The interval between the signals becomes shorter as
the distance decreases. At a distance of less than 30
cm, an uninterrupted tone is emitted.
Operating conditions
✓ The driving speed is below 15 km/h.
Switching on/off
A Distance about 40 cm
Switching on
B Distance about 100 cm
—Engage reverse gear. C Distance about 200 cm
Switching off The distance between the side lines corresponds ap-
proximately to the vehicle width including mirrors.
—Disengage reverse gear.
Operating conditions
Function restriction
✓ Boot lid closed
In the following cases, the system may not issue an
obstacle warning, or the warning may be issued in- ✓ Ignition on
correctly: ✓ The driving speed is below 15 km/h
—Unfavourable weather conditions.
—The detected obstacles moving.
—Sensor signals are not reflected by the surface of Operation
the obstacles.
—Very small obstacle, e.g. a stone or a pillar. Switching on
—Obstacle up to 30 cm high is too close behind the
—Engage reverse gear.
vehicle (approximately 50 cm or less).
Switching off
—Disengage reverse gear.
Troubleshooting
After switching on, the alarm sounds for 3 seconds, Limitations
but there is no obstacle in the vicinity of the vehicle
—Seek the assistance from a specialist garage. The camera image is distorted compared to the real-
life view. The display may only be used to estimate
the distance.
100 Park Assist systemsSome objects are not sufficiently visible on the dis- Engine, exhaust system
play, including narrow columns, wire mesh fences,
and fuel
grids or road bumps.
Bonnet
Opening the bonnet
Before opening
—Make sure the windscreen wiper arms are folded
down onto the windscreen.
—Keep away from the engine compartment.
Opening
—Pull the release lever underneath the dashboard.
—Release the lock.
—Open the bonnet.
—Remove the bonnet stay from the holder and in-
sert the end of the stay into the opening in the
bonnet.
Bonnet 101Closing If the engine oil needs to be topped up, use the oil
indicated on the sticker at the front of the engine
—Lift the bonnet.
compartment.
—Unhook the bonnet stay and insert it into the
holder. Vehicles without an engine oil sticker:
—Fold the bonnet down and release it from You can obtain information about the engine oil
a height of 20cm. specification prescribed for your vehicle from a spe-
cialist garage. If the engine oil needs to be topped
—Check that the bonnet is closed.
up, use this oil.
NOTICE When using the prescribed oil, the level can be
adjusted as often as required.
· Do not press down on an unclosed bonnet.
· Open and close the flap again. In an emergency
If engine oil of the prescribed specification is not
available, you can once add until the next scheduled
oil change a maximum of 0.5 l of engine oil with the
Engine oil
following specifications:
—VW 504 00, ACEA C3 a API SP, viscosity 0 W-30
Specification
Volkswagen recommends that the oil change
is then carried out by a specialist ga-
rage » page 5.
Checking the fill level and topping
up
Depending on the driving style and operating condi-
tions, the engine may consume up to 0.5 l/ 1000 km
Consumption may be higher over the first 5,000km.
Engine oil sticker
—Regularly check the oil level.
A Engine oil specifications Test conditions
B Engine oil viscosity
✓ Vehicle on a flat surface
The engine oil sticker is located at the front of the
✓ Engine switched off, at operating temperature
engine compartment.
Checking the fill level
—Wait a few minutes for the engine oil to flow back
into the oil sump.
—Remove the dipstick and wipe with a clean cloth.
—Insert the dipstick as far as it will go and pull it
out again.
—Read the oil level and push the dipstick back in
again.
Vehicles with an engine oil sticker:
102 Engine, exhaust system and fuelor:
flashes, simultaneously with illuminated
—Check the engine oil level.
The oil level is OK, the warning light continues to
flash:
—Stop the engine and seek assistance from a spe-
cialist garage.
Engine oil level too low
—The oil level must be within the marked range.
illuminates together with
NOTICE
Risk of damage to the engine and the exhaust sys- or:
tem
illuminates together with
· The oil level must not be outside the marked Message indicates required engine oil top
range. up.
· If the oil level is below the marked area, do not —Check the engine oil level, top up with oil if re-
continue driving, stop the engine and seek assis- quired.
tance from a specialist garage.
· If the oil level is above the marked area, continue Engine oil level too high
driving with appropriate caution, and seek assis- illuminates together with
tance from a specialist garage.
· Do not use any oil additives.
or:
Refuelling illuminates together with
Message indicates the need to reduce the
—Unscrew the cover of the engine oil filler opening.
engine oil level.
—Top up the oil to the correct specifica-
—Check the engine oil level.
tion » page 102 in 0.5 litre portions.
Engine oil level too high.
—Check the oil level.
—Screw on the cover of the engine oil filler open- —You may continue driving, exercising appropriate
ing. caution.
—Seek the assistance from a specialist garage.
NOTICE
Engine oil level sensor impaired
Volkswagen recommends using approved engine oils
in accordance with the relevant VW standard. The illuminates together with
use of engine oils that do not comply with this
standard could damage the engine.
or:
Volkswagen recommends engine oils from the illuminates together with
Volkswagen Genuine Parts product range. Message indicates required engine oil top
up.
Changing
—You may continue driving, exercising appropriate
Volkswagen recommends that the oil change is then
caution.
carried out by a specialist garage » page 5.
—Seek the assistance from a specialist garage.
Troubleshooting
Engine oil pressure too low
flashes, simultaneously with illuminated
Engine oil 103Coolant NOTICE
There must be a small quantity of coolant in the
Coolant temperature gauge tank.
· Do not add coolant when the tank is empty.
· Stop driving! Seek the help of a specialist garage.
Refuelling
CAUTION
Risk of scalding!
The cooling system is pressurised.
· Do not open the cap of the coolant expansion
tank while the engine is warm. Let the engine
cool down.
A Low temperature
—Place a wipe on the lid of the tank and carefully
—Avoid high engine speed. unscrew the lid.
B Operating temperature —Refill with coolant with the correct specification.
C High temperature —Screw on the cap until it clicks into place.
—Avoid high engine speed.
Specification
To refill the coolant additive, use G12evo (TL 774 L).
NOTICE
Checking the fill level and topping
up Risk of damage to the cooling system and the en-
gine!
Test conditions Adding coolant that does not conform to the correct
specification can reduce the corrosion protection of
✓ Vehicle on a flat surface the cooling system.
✓ Engine switched off and cold
Checking the fill level Troubleshooting
Coolant level too low
illuminates together with
or:
illuminates together with
Message indicates the required coolant
check.
—Check the coolant level.
The fill level must be within the marked range. If the coolant level is OK:
—If the level is below the mark, top up the cool- —Check or change the radiator fan fuse » page 111.
ant. If the fuse is OK but the indicator light lights up
again:
NOTICE
—Do not continue driving! Seek the assistance from
Danger of damage to the engine compartment! a specialist garage.
· Do not top up the coolant above the marked area.
The coolant could be forced out of the cooling
system when heated.
104 Engine, exhaust system and fuel
